`exp show`: add `--rev` option (#3187)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/exp/show.md

- `-A`, `--all-commits` - include experiments derived from all Git commits, as
  well as from the last one. This prints all experiments in the project.

> - `--rev <commit>` - "Show experiments derived from the specified revision.
>   Defaults to HEAD if none of `--rev`,`-a`,`-A`,`-T` is specified."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--rev <commit>` - Show experiments derived from the specified `<commit>`
  as baseline. Defaults to `HEAD` if none of `--rev`, `-a`, `-T`, `-A` is used.
```

- `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show the last `num` commits from the rev

>   specified.

Reviewer 2: commits -> experiments? (similar question in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3191#discussion_r787060961)

Author: Updated, and paste it here.

Because here what this -n flag does is actually extend the baseline rev to its history commits. And if the -n is -1 then it represents the whole history of a given revision (a tag, a branch, or a commit). And the experiments based on any of the commits from the history will be listed here.

Reviewer: p.s. this was also explained under https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7245#discussion_r788133855 🙂

> - `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the `<rev>` commit and `num`
>   commits before it. (`-1` for the whole history of the `<rev>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the `--rev` baseline and
  from `num` commits before it. Give `-1` to include all the parent commits.
```

> - `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the `--rev` baseline and
>   from `num` commits before it. Give `-1` to include all the parent commits.

Reviewer: Sounds like we're going for something similar to `git log -n` now per https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7245#discussion_r797801555. So maybe

```suggestion
- `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the `--rev` baseline and
  from `-num` commits before it. `num` accepts negative values (similar to
  `git log -n`).
```

Reviewer: > We can wait until -1 has been decided.

Note that I removed that text since I assume it's no longer a function of `-n`.

Reviewer 3: Two thoughts:

1. It's more accurate to say something like "show experiments from the previous `num` commits, starting from the `--rev` baseline." The `--rev` baseline is included in `-n`.
2. I don't know that referring to `git log` helps since I don't see that the negative value behavior is documented (and as you rightfully mention in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7245#discussion_r807429664, the defaults are different between `dvc exp show -n` and `git log -n`).

Author: And should `-num` be replaced by `--num` or maybe `<num>'? `-num`/`--num` I think it is only the flag name here?

Reviewer: I agree with Dave's phrasing. And by `-num` I literally meant - (minus) `num` since the value is negative. I'll open another suggestion since this one was committed...

Author: Oh, what I mean here is what you suggestion "from `-num` commits before it." compare to my original "from `num` commits before it".

- `-A`, `--all-commits` - include experiments derived from all Git commits, as
  well as from the last one. This prints all experiments in the project.

- `--rev <commit>` - show experiments derived from the specified `<commit>` as
  baseline. Defaults to `HEAD` if none of `--rev`, `-a`, `-T`, `-A` is used.

> - `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the `--rev` baseline and
>   from `-num` commits before it. `num` accepts negative values (similar to
>   `git log -n`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the previous `num`
  commits (before the `--rev` baseline). For example `-n -2` includes
  experiments from `HEAD` and its 2 first ancestors.
```

Reviewer: Hmmm wait it looks like I was confused in here. We should revert... I'll open another suggestion.

> - `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the previous `num` commits
>   (before the `--rev` baseline). For example `-n -2` includes experiments from
>   `HEAD` and its 2 first ancestors.

Reviewer: The info about negative values seems wrong here after all (sorry I was confused). The text should be closer to https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7245#pullrequestreview-902522092, right? Please double check the suggestion, thanks!

```suggestion
- `-n <num>`, `--num <num>` - show experiments from the `--rev` baseline and
  from `num` commits before it (first parents). Give a negative value to include
  all first-parent commits (similar to `git log -n`).
```

Reviewer: But TBH I'm not sure why this is being changed here if there's no change for `--num` in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7204/files 🤷🏼

Reviewer: Does this PR also depend on https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7245/files ? Marked as waiting for core merge for now.

Author: > But TBH I'm not sure why this is being changed here if there's no change for `--num` in the related core PR, [iterative/dvc#7204](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7204) 🤷🏼

I just forgot to update the doc in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7204.

>   all first-parent commits (similar to `git log -n`).

Author: Need to update to the other PRs.
